Do we go straight into it from here?
The random-play dance starts now!
Let's begin.
All right. Are you ready?
If you recognize the song, step forward
and dance.
—That's all you have to do.
—Just dance.
The question is who'll get more of them.
Oh, so this is a competition?
It is—and as you can see...
Right, right.
I hope this goes well.
[Laughs]
Ah—okay.
Even if we don't know it, let's do our best.
Let's do our best.
Freestyle counts too.
I'll dance beside you too.
Right. So...
Wait a second.
This one comes up a lot too.
The winner is whoever gets more right.
Apparently, the loser becomes the younger one.
Wait—we're wagering our hyung-dongsaeng order?
Then what do I gain?
Dongsaeng! You could still win, you know.
You still could, dongsaeng.
No, no,
If I win, things just stay as they are!
They must already know I'll lose.
Fine, fine.
Maybe PLLI want to see Bamby as the younger one.
Want a picture like that.
[Laughs]
Music, please!
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Ah!
You're already treating me like the younger one!
Yeah.
Okay, give us the next one.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Ah, that was too fast!
What a shame—I could've done more.
I could've kept going.
Let's try that again later.
Okay.
[Clears throat]
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Okay, one attempt each for now.
[Clears throat]
That's how we're doing it, right?
We should get two chances each.
Got it.
[Music] What's this one?
Ah, “Lemonade.”
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
“Lemonade.”
Right. Next one, please.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Okay!
Hey!
we actually got through the hard part at the
end.
Yeah.
Next song right away, please.
Yes.
[Gasps]
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Hey!
Nice, nice. Let's keep going.
Let's win through sheer quantity today.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
[Panting]
[Laughs]
Nice.
Next one. Okay.
Yes, right away, please.
One, two...
The one I did was harder! [Laughs]
All right.
What's this? Play it.
Okay, okay. [Music]
What is it?
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Did we do this as a challenge?
No.
I watched a few clips beforehand.
I can't remember. Let's try it.
Shall we see the next one?
You really ought to know this song.
You have to.
The last beat.
Ah, wait... [Laughs]
[Laughs]
Hey, let's redo this one.
We can't let that attempt stand.
Okay. okay. I'll
I'll do it again.
Go straight to the third verse.
Verse 3 A.
Straight to the third verse.
Play it, please.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Okay!
What a relief.
Seriously. [Laughs]
I was just flustered.
All right.
That one caught me off guard.
Next one, please.
Yeah.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Hey!
That was my first time trying it.
All right.
Do we get an easy round now?
Apparently there are still loads left.
There are so many!
Have some water.
It's been ages since we danced like this.
[Panting]
Exactly.
I just took a trip through Noah-hyung's mind.
And what was Noah-hyung's mind like?
Is Noah's mind generally neat?
[Sighs]
His heart is clean.
His character—
He's pure at heart.
Right. What's the problem?
Is there a problem?
Of course not.
He's a good person. [Laughs]
All our members are good people.
Especially Noah-hyung.
Right.
I miss Noah-hyung. [Laughs]
We miss you, Noah-hyung.
Where are you?
Now let's mix in K-pop hits
from our own school days too.
We'll add those into the mix.
That should be fun to show you.
Yeah.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Next one, please.
Don't do it!
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Nice!
[They imitate the melody]
[They sing briefly]
That's right.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
[Laughs]
What could it be?
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Oh,
it comes back immediately.
Catch it.
Right.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Let's go.
This is hard.
All right.
This is seriously difficult.
We're not done yet.
Let's keep going.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Oh, I know this one—why can't I remember?
Shall we try it again?
Okay, show me once.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Oh, it comes right back.
One more time.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
That's enough.
That was good.
Okay, stop, stop!
Why?
No, no.
No.
I want to see that dance again.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Hey, let's do mine.
Let's do mine—you know it, right?
[Snorts]
The timing got cut off.
It got cut off? Okay.
Okay. Follow follow
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Okay.
All right.
That's another one done.
There really is no end to this.
I love it.
PLLI want to see “Mirotic” too.
Apparently.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Ah!
That was great too.
How are you feeling so far?
There must be dances PLLI really want to see.
Of course.
Then let's choose a few
and show them properly.
Let's pick ones we actually know
and can perform properly.
How about showing those properly?
Let's read the comments.
Yes, let's see.
, well, our fellow fans, we have the
We have the dance-challenge list right here.
It's the dance-challenge list from earlier.
Tell us which ones you want to see.
let us know.
Yes—you did great.
There are also many titles not on the list.
You're naming lots that aren't on the list too.
Sixth Summer? The
“The Sixth Summer.” Maybe the school uniforms...
Maybe it's because we're in school uniforms.
And with today's outfits...
Right.
Ah, good. You're watching carefully right now,
aren't you?
The comments are moving too fast—wait!
“Growl,” “Growl”...
Looks like we need to do “Growl” again.
I think I need to do it one more time. yes .
But there are
So many reds.
We
There's “Fiction” too.
There is fiction, and
[They read more requests]
There are so many requests.
Looks like we need to run through them all
again.
We may have to run through everything again.
[Laughs]
There are really a lot.
“Fire.”
Fire.
And EXO's “Monster.”
You want to place an order?
Right now!
Dance it right now!
Baek Gi-jin, there are
There are just so many.
If only my memory were a little better...
If we do that every time...
Since we're dressed like students today,
are there any nostalgic school-day dances?
Something nostalgic from back then...
Games that bring back old memories
? I'm
I'm jealous you remember that.
No, but still... did
Didn't you do talent shows at school?
? If
Back in my school days...
What did I do back then?
I didn't. Really, I didn't.
Then what's most memorable from recent years?
What's most memorable?
So then...
First...
Okay. There's choreography here
that I know reasonably well.
I'd like to show it properly.
That'd be nice.
Sounds good.
Then let's start with that.
I'm taking this request.
Then show us!
Show us.
Give me a moment to try it.
Okay...
Ready.
Yeah.
Again.
Okay, straight into it.
Yeah. [Chuckles]
Yeah.
It's addictive.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Okay! Don't judge me too harshly.
Whew.
Oh dear.
I don't think that one has choreography.
There isn't one.
Ah, right. It seems...
there isn't one yet.
All right.
That one too. As for me...
Shall we try “2.0”?
2.0 2.0.
[Chuckles]
There should be a longer part later in the song.
There should be a longer section.
Give it to me as a song.
Start from about fifteen seconds in.
I'm sweating buckets now.
Profusely.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Great. Let's each do one.
Great.
What should I do?
Use that move at the end of the dance.
You should.
So then, you can do it
Then I can do it now.
[Gasps]
If I lose... [Laughs]
Do it. Okay
My mouth is getting really dry.
I think so. Which of the earlier ones...
Which one did I practice earlier?
What was it that I practiced?
Uh, once up there, up there...
Oh—“404.”
You were disappointed with “404” earlier.
Let's try “404” once.
Let's do it together.
Can we both just improvise?
Let's try it.
We'll go by feel.
?
Okay, let's do this.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Okay, that's enough.
Nice. [Panting]
Please show that one more time.
That move...
I tried to look cool,
but I didn't do it properly.
Yeah.
Ah,
Yes—“Gento.”
It's been so long since “Gento.”
We did it before, remember?
We did, remember?
[They recall the move]
Oh, right!
[They sing briefly]
Can't part ways like that for just one more day.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Nice!
I genuinely can't remember “Jikjin.”
That was back in our trainee days.
Uh-huh.
“Sherlock,” “The Chaser,” and “Guilty”...
There are so many.
Pick one of those too.
Yeah.
[Chuckles]
Should we do “Growl” once more?
?
“Growl” is great.
I've danced it so often
that my body moves on its own.
I just leave it playing on full melody and it
Plays on its own.
I know exactly when each part comes in.
Wow, impressive.
Right.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Hey!
Okay!
All right.
[Chuckles]
Bamby, which one should we do?
Uh-huh.
[They list more requests]
Lemontang.
Holding a lemon...
“Fiction.”
[They recall a song title]
Do you remember “Instead of Saying Goodbye”?
Other
I think I'll recognize it once the music starts.
Shall we try “Instead of Saying Goodbye”?
Wow.
What about one we did recently?
Yeah. Who are you?
“Elevator.”
And that one...
[Laughs]
Play it from the beginning.
Maybe treating it as practice
will bring it back. Please!
[Shouts]
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
That's the ending.
At least that one's a relatively recent memory.
Right.
Hey!
Wait.
Just a moment.
Let me drink some water first.
It was okay, though I'd forgotten a lot.
[Gasps]
Anything else you want to see?
Should we try the first verse of “Mirotic”?
The first verse of “Mirotic.”
Starts off
Well from the first verse.
Just play the track from the first verse.
Let's try it once.
Yeah.
Let's practice it once.
There were so many requests.
We should do what PLLI want to see.
We didn't think of requests like these.
I didn't think to prepare all these.
I should've practiced more.
Do you have the music? Let's go straight in.
Let's do it. Okay.
We can do it.
It'll come back from here.
Remember from here. Really, the
We'll do it together. I'll cue us.
Do something.
Mirotic cross! Okay.
It's “Mirotic,” not ‘an order.’
Why are you suddenly speaking Japanese?
Thank you.
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Actually, play it from the beginning.
The very beginning, the
[Bamby and Hamin dance]
Hey!
I remembered it—but backwards.
Why was it reversed? [Laughs]
Like this?
Maybe I slept facing the other way.
[Sighs]
Ah, I need this character. I'll use this one.
I did it too.
I died again.
I shouldn't drop down.
I can't tell which character is mine.
Ah,
When that attack comes, duck down.
Down, down—ah, like this.
So you dodge underneath it.
They designed this ruthlessly.
You made it well.
Like this...
Why did I die?
Then stay here...
I'm down here right now.
Uh-huh.
Watch the exclamation mark.
When it appears, you have to jump.
You have to jump.
Then why do I keep dying?
You need to jump!
The sign showed you just now.
This is hard.
Why won't this one die? Oh, that's you.
Right, right. Now I get it.
Wait, I keep losing track of my character.
I'll switch. Okay, done.
It's over now.
Don't go down.
Go down! Down—ah!
No, I can react fast enough.
You can do it, right?
Okay, I did it.
Don't drop down now.
How did you know?
The sign tells you: go down,
then jump right away.
How am I supposed to do that?
Your nose is red right now.
My nose suddenly started flashing.
I know—but look at the sign.
The exclamation mark is on the right.
Hyung, you're blocking me—I can't get down.
Ah, now I understand.
And we need to defeat these quickly.
But what if the arrow points up
while you're already moving up?
That's basically telling me to die.
They don't arrive at the same time.
They made this seriously difficult.
You have to react immediately.
Wait, then shoot when this one comes.
Jump down. Okay.
Down, down, down—then come right back up.
Come straight up. Come
Come up now! Down again!
Come down again.
Go now! Come here!
Come down—why?
I wasn't jumping; I was trying to go down.
Try it. I'll do it here.
This character doesn't suit me.
Playing your main is best.
Hyung, I'm finished now.
Hey, I'm still alive!
Okay, I killed it!
Oh!
It ended the second I arrived!
That was too easy.
You have to collect all of these, hyung.
All of them.
What? Yoo-hoo! Oh, I'm dead.
[Laughs]
Great. With that,
we've defeated the boss
and can wrap up today's game.
That's all of part two.
This is when Mom tells you to come home.
You have to head back
because dinner is waiting at home.
It's starting to get dark.
Stay out this late and Mom really scolds you.
Right. And if we play too long,
the hyungs behind us scold us too.
They're waiting right behind us.
Standing back there while they scold us.
All right.
My whole body is soaked.
Seriously.
You could wring the sweat out of me.
So, after today's dancing
and the game,
how was it overall?
how was it?
How was it?
He says it was good.
Stop copying everything I say.
Me?
I don't do that.
You keep doing it.
No, I don't.
[Laughs]
Let's do screenshot time.
Screenshot time!
, please pay your respects.
One,
two,
three,
four,
five.
Nice!